Interview Questions were average on difficulty level if
 you put some thought to it. Screening rounds were more of question answers 
based where they gave you a problem and expected an answer. 
----------------------

Python: 
1) Find the max no from the given set of elements in an array 
(without using max function) 
2) Find the minimum absolute difference between the set of elements of an array. 


Python Coding Questions that involved a hashmap. 

3) Know your basics well Print Max element of a given list 
4) Print median of a given list 
5) Print the first nonrecurring element in a list 
6) Print the most recurring element in a list 

7) HCF/Greatest common Factor of List LCM of list Sql: 
8) find the highest salary per department 
	Select employee from departments where max salary of the department is 40k 
		Select employee assigned to projects Select employee which have the max salary in a given department 
			Select employee with second highest salary Table has two data entries every day for # of apples and oranges sold. 

9) Write a query to get the difference between the apples and oranges sold on a given day 
	Typical questions around Group by, Joins during screening round they used 
		MYSQL so practice solutions with basic SQL as the version i was working 
		on didn't support analytical functions or other advanced features. 

Face To Face Rounds (Fullstack): To begin I was asked about different metrics which could be reported given the dataset/information or scenario. 
Then interviewer picked up a metrics and asked to draw on whiteboard what kind of graph/chart will I use to display the information. 
Then going further asked about the table structures and data model which will be required to support the dashboard. 
Interviewer then provided the initial data set which is 1 case was a log file and in another some detail level tables, 
I was asked to write a programming code to read, parse and load data to tables. 
Then along the way once we have our code tables and dashboard finalized i was asked to write SQL's for different steps in the whole pipel

----------------------